README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img
    src="https://github.com/mrmartineau/raycast-extensions/blob/main/search-npm/assets/command-icon.png?raw=true"
    width="50"
  />

  <h1>
    Search npm
  </h1>

Raycast extension to search for npm packages

  <p>
    <a href="https://www.raycast.com/mrmartineau/search-npm">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Raycast-Store-red.svg"
        alt="Find this extension on the Raycast store"
      />
    </a>
    <a
      href="https://github.com/MrMartineau/raycast-extensions/blob/master/LICENSE"
    >
      <img
        src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg"
        alt="raycast-extensions is released under the MIT license."
      />
    </a>
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg"
      alt="PRs welcome!"
    />
    <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=MrMartineau">
      <img
        src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/MrMartineau.svg?label=Follow%20@MrMartineau"
        alt="Follow @MrMartineau"
      />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.dev/mrmartineau/raycast-extensions">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in-GitHub.dev-red.svg"
        alt="Open in GitHub.dev"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

### Actions for each search result

#### Links

- open the package's repository (if it is known)
- open the package's homepage (if it is known)
- open the package's npm page
- open the package's Skypack.dev page
- open a npms.io search results page based on the search term

#### Info

- view the package's README in a Raycast detail view
- view the package's bundle cost on [bundlephobia.com](https://bundlephobia.com). hit <kbd>cmd + shift + enter</kbd>
- view the package's [Snyk](https://snyk.io) vulnerability report
- view the package source code on [GitHub.dev](https://github.dev) & [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io)

#### Copy

- copy yarn/npm install commands to clipboard
  - copy install command for preferred package manager: <kbd>cmd + shift + c</kbd>
  - copy install command for alternate package manager: <kbd>cmd + opt + c</kbd>
- copy package name to clipboard

### Preferences

- choose your default package manager. `yarn`, `npm` or `pnpm`
- choose your secondary package manager. `yarn`, `npm` or `pnpm`
- choose the default "open" action for a package: "open repository", "open homepage" or "open npm package page" or "open Skypack package page"

### Screencast

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64883/166630703-962ac4de-5da5-40f6-8895-25aeb92bcfb6.mp4

![package list item](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64883/166632417-89e2e5dd-b01e-43af-984c-e4b29740f53f.gif)

### Options

<img width="310" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64883/166630716-8d9eb232-4278-42a0-9237-96da2242e2af.png">

Commit message:

feat(changelog): add option to open changelog page

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img
    src="https://github.com/mrmartineau/raycast-extensions/blob/main/search-npm/assets/command-icon.png?raw=true"
    width="50"
  />

  <h1>
    Search npm
  </h1>

Raycast extension to search for npm packages

  <p>
    <a href="https://www.raycast.com/mrmartineau/search-npm">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Raycast-Store-red.svg"
        alt="Find this extension on the Raycast store"
      />
    </a>
    <a
      href="https://github.com/MrMartineau/raycast-extensions/blob/master/LICENSE"
    >
      <img
        src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg"
        alt="raycast-extensions is released under the MIT license."
      />
    </a>
    <img
      src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg"
      alt="PRs welcome!"
    />
    <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=MrMartineau">
      <img
        src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/MrMartineau.svg?label=Follow%20@MrMartineau"
        alt="Follow @MrMartineau"
      />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.dev/mrmartineau/raycast-extensions">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in-GitHub.dev-red.svg"
        alt="Open in GitHub.dev"
      />
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

### Actions for each search result

#### Links

- open the package's repository (if it is known)
- open the package's homepage (if it is known)
- open the package's changelog (if it is known)
- open the package's npm page
- open the package's Skypack.dev page
- open a npms.io search results page based on the search term

#### Info

- view the package's README in a Raycast detail view
- view the package's bundle cost on [bundlephobia.com](https://bundlephobia.com). hit <kbd>cmd + shift + enter</kbd>
- view the package's [Snyk](https://snyk.io) vulnerability report
- view the package source code on [GitHub.dev](https://github.dev) & [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io)

#### Copy

- copy yarn/npm install commands to clipboard
  - copy install command for preferred package manager: <kbd>cmd + shift + c</kbd>
  - copy install command for alternate package manager: <kbd>cmd + opt + c</kbd>
- copy package name to clipboard

### Preferences

- choose your default package manager. `yarn`, `npm` or `pnpm`
- choose your secondary package manager. `yarn`, `npm` or `pnpm`
- choose the default "open" action for a package: "open repository", "open homepage" or "open npm package page" or "open Skypack package page"

### Screencast

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64883/166630703-962ac4de-5da5-40f6-8895-25aeb92bcfb6.mp4

![package list item](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64883/166632417-89e2e5dd-b01e-43af-984c-e4b29740f53f.gif)

### Options

<img width="310" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64883/166630716-8d9eb232-4278-42a0-9237-96da2242e2af.png">
